Add global alias for DUT parameter (#2134)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/2134.feature.rst

> Made the handle to :envvar:`TOPLEVEL`, typically seen as the first argument to a cocotb test function, available globally as :data:`cocotb.top`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The handle to :envvar:`TOPLEVEL`, typically seen as the first argument to a cocotb test function, is now available globally as :data:`cocotb.top`.
```
